Improve “Intelligence Center: External Integrations” (#269)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/intelligence_center/integrations/opencti.md

# Intelligence Center External Integrations: OpenCTI

An [OpenCTI](https://www.opencti.io) connector is available to consumme a feed.

> All the instruction to run it are available at the connector GitHub repository: https://github.com/OpenCTI-Platform/connectors/tree/master/external-import/sekoia.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the instruction to run it are available in [OpenCTI's documentation](https://luatix.notion.site/Connectors-4586c588462d4a1fb5e661f2d9837db8). 

The code of the connector and an example docker compose file are available in the official [GitHub repository]( https://github.com/OpenCTI-Platform/connectors/tree/master/external-import/sekoia).
```
